what intense fighting has been taking
place in Gaza City where Israel's
military has continued shelling
residential
neighborhoods smoke could be seen
billowing above the area of shua while
attacks were also carried out on the
neighborhood of zun a number of
Palestinians caught up in days of
fighting around Gaza City have managed
to escape to find medical help we
understand at least two Israeli soldiers
have been
[Music]
killed as the Israeli tanks advance they
were coupled with massive gunfire I saw
all people running for their lives I
returned home to take my family but
within minutes the Israeli tanks have
already surrounded the area we couldn't
leave so we were locked in for 3
Days the Israeli soldiers stormed our
home threw gas Bombs all over the ground
floor and stung grenades they smashed
the door and opened fire on us we kept
screaming that we are all women and
children we raised white flags but no
response the Israeli soldiers kept
shooting and shouting at us
nonstop well let's speak to our
correspondent on the ground hinari she's
in darl Bala in central Gaza hind as we
watch that offensive in shuay continue
more and more Palestinian families have
fled but there are still many many
trapped
there yes for more than 4 days now since
Thea incursion started their families
that were unable to evacuate they were
unable to leave their houses due to the
heavy artillery shelling air strikes
drones and quad captures there has been
an appeal from al-madani family saying
that they are trapped no one could reach
them no medical uh teams no uh
journalists no ambulances uh they're
trying to call um the Red Cross or any
international organization to evacuate
them for days they're out of water
they're out of food they're also under
constant fire artillery shelling and air
strike this is one of the family that
was able to raise their voice and to
send their message to to journalists and
we're trying to uh spread the message
but there are other tens of other
families still trapped uh we have been
trying to talk to the medical teams on
the ground in sh to ask them about the
casualties are they reaching the people
in Al
and they're saying that it's very hard
for the Medical Teams to reach that area
due to the Intensive fighting and the
Intensive artillery shelling and the air
strikes and let me remind you that there
are only there is only one Hospital in
the central Gaza City still working
which is the AI hospital but the Medical
Teams there they're saying that they
could not reach people they do not know
if there are people trapped under the
rubble if there are people injured if
there our people killed they could not
reach anyone and this is continuing for
the fourth consecutive H day it's very
intensifying in Al and also in ra where
there has been continuous fighting and
continuous artillery shelling in the
past couple of days and also people were
trapped yesterday in Al shako area and
the medical teams and the ambulances
were also not able to reach them so the
same exact scenario is happening across
the Gaza Strip and people are being
internally forced to become displaced
over and over again but people are
saying and telling us that they believe
that there is no place safe in Gaza
wherever they go they're still being
targeted by the Israeli
forces in kodari there with all the very
latest Forest reporting from the ground
in der Al Bala thank you
hen make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Alis
here